[KAZUMA]
Uh--
[DULLAHAN seethes]
What is wrong
with you people?!
Why do you keep
bombarding my castle?!
What?!
We're not blowin'
your place up anymore!
We're stayin away,
like you said.
[DULLAHAN]
Oh, you are, are you?
What a bald-faced lie!
-[grunts]
-[helmet clangs]
That crimson maniac
has been blowing up my castle
every day
for the past week!
[KAZUMA]
Huh?
-You idiot!
-Oww!
Wait! I can explain!
I can explain!
U-up until recently,
casting my spell
on an empty plain
was enough for me.
But ever since
tasting the pleasure
of blowing up a castle,
it's different.
Now I have to unleash
on something big
and hard to feel satisfied.
Don't squirm! I get it!
It turns you on!
Wait, hold the phone!
You can't move after you do
your spell!
And you can't get back
unless someone carries you--
-[whistles]
-[grunts]
-[KAZUMA] You idiot!
-Oww!
I can explain! I can explain!
It's his fault there aren't
any good quests anymore,
and I just wanted
to get him back for it!
-[whooshing]
-[BOTH] Huh?
I am Verdia,
and you will hear me out!
Your fiery taunts offend me,
but there is something else.
None of you have come yet
seeking retribution
for your ally's death!
In life, I strove to be
an upstanding knight.
In my opinion,
that crusader was
an ideal knight.
She used her body to shield
an ally from my death curse
and to abandon her is--
Gah!
Gosh. I-I'm "ideal"?
I'm flattered you think so!
Wait. You're--
You're alive?!
How are you still alive?!
Can you believe it?!
The silly old Dullahan didn't
know I dispelled his curse!
He's been sitting in his castle
this whole time waiting for us!
[snickering]
I bet he sat there stewing
about it like a little kid!
[VERDIA]
I'm warning you!
Stop your taunts,
or I will destroy
every living thing
in this town!
Not after I get through
with you!
Do you honestly think
the magic of a novice can--
Turn Undead!
[screaming]
[crying]
[KAZUMA]
Nice.
-[VERDIA coughs]
-[ALL gasp]
No way!
My spell didn't work on him!
It looked like it worked to me.
He went yaaa and everything.
[VERDIA]
You there...
...are you not a novice?!
I thought only low-level
adventurers lived here!
[whimpers]
[VERDIA]
N-no matter.
My minions always fight
the rabble for me.
Go forth,
my Undead Knights,
and show this lot
a glimpse of hell!
See?! Your spell did work!
It freaked him out so bad,
he needs backup!
-Mm-hmm.
-Th-they are not backup!
In battle, you do not get
to fight the boss first!
You fight minions first, then--
Yeah, whatever.
Sacred Turn Undead!
[VERDIA]
Huh?
[screaming]
Huh. My eyes!
Ohh, my eyes!
That spell didn't work either!
My purification magic
doesn't affect him at all!
What do you want?
He yaa-ed, rolled around a bit.
I think it worked great!
(seething)
Enough games!
Slaughter them.
Slaughter them all!
[UNDEAD KNIGHTS laughing]
Aah! Get a priest up here!
Go to the church
and bring back
all the holy water
they've got!
[laughs]
Let me hear
your screams of despair!
I shall enjoy--
-Huh?
-[ALL] Huh?
Huh? [screams]
-Hey--
-[crying]
Why are they after me?!
I'm a goddess, darn it!
A goddess!
Life's not supposed to be
this hard for a goddess!
Where are they going?!
This isn't fair,
I am a crusader!
Why does she have
all the fun?!
[KAZUMA] Maybe 'cause she's
a goddess and they're undead,
they're... I don't know,
lookin' for salvation?
Oh! Megumin!
You think you can take out
all the dead guys in one shot?
Of course, as long
as they stay in a group.
-[AQUA crying]
-[ALL gasp]
Kazuma!
Kazuma-ha-ha!
[ALL screaming]
Quit following me!
Go the other way!
If you do, dinner's
on me tonight! Deal?!
Dinner's on me if you can do
something about them!
I can't shake them off!
I tried using Turn Undead,
but it doesn't work!
[KAZUMA] Crap!
There's too many of 'em!
Oh! Wait a sec!
Megumin!
Get ready with your spell!
Uh! Sure!
Just say the word!
Yo, Aqua! Quick! Follow me!
Where to?!
-[AQUA/KAZUMA panting]
-[VERDIA] Huh?
Megumin!
Do it!
He lined them all up for me!
This is perfect!
Thank you so much, Kazuma!
My name is Megumin!
User of the finest magic
Crimson Demons possess!
Conjurer of Explosion magic!
Behold my fearsome power!
Explosion!
-[VERDIA gasps]
-[explosion booms]
[VERDIA screaming]
-[PEOPLE gasp]
-[MEGUMIN chuckles]
Everyone here has been
left speechless.
A side effect of witnessing
Explosion, no doubt.
Oh wow. I'm tingly.
That feels good.
[groans]
[KAZUMA]
Need a ride back?
[MEGUMIN] Yes, please.
If you don't mind.
[PEOPLE gasp]
[ALL]
Yeah!
She did it!
The Crimson Demon girl's nuts,
but she did it!
She's a friggin' loon,
and her name's a joke,
but she always
comes through in the end!
I was wrong about you,
you little psycho!
[MEGUMIN]
Grr.
I hate to ask,
but could you please remember
who these men are for me?
I'll blow them away later.
[VERDIA grunts]
[laughs]
Amusing.
[laughing]
Yes, very amusing!
I did not think my underlings
could be slain so easily!
Alright, my turn!
Stand back, Kazuma!
I shall attend to each
one of you, personally.
[KAZUMA]
Megumin's out of magic,
and Aqua's ain't strong enough
to kill this guy.
We're screwed!
Don't panic, everyone!
Our town's number one guy
is on his way!
Yeah, and when he gets here,
he'll chop
the Devil King's general
into salad!
[KAZUMA]
What number one guy?
Let's keep this bastard busy
till he shows!
-Come on, guys!
-Let's go!
-[yelling]
-Go. Surround him.
You shall be
the first to die.
[gasps]
No, guys!
Get back!
[sword whooshes]
[MEN groaning]
[gasps]
Next?
[murmuring]
You monster!
You'll pay for that!
Just you wait
till Kyouya gets here!
[KAZUMA] K-Kyouya?!
That Kyouya?
The guy whose sword I stole,
then sold... for cheap?
Hmm.
Let your champion come.
Crap! Now we're
really screwed!
You will not survive
to greet him!
[yelling]
[swords clang]
[ground rumbles]
[grunts]
You cut them down!
You will pay for that!
No, Darkness!
You can't take him on alone!
Protecting others is
a crusader's calling!
I cannot let him
kill anyone else!
I must admit...
...you are strong.
Your arms surge
with violence!
What lewd tortures
do you have planned?!
What degradations
will I suffer?!
Show me, if you dare!
Enough!
These people will get
the wrong idea about me!
Have at you, Verdia!
There is no better foe
than a holy knight!
[yelling]
[rumbling, clattering]
What?
[KAZUMA]
Oh my god,
what kinda people
do I have in my party?!
He was standing still,
and she missed him!
How's that even possible?!
-Well, that was disappointing.
-[yelling]
Now die!
Darkness!
[DARKNESS groans]
[gasps]
[grunting]
Back off, Darkness!
I am a crusader!
I will not stand down when
innocent lives are at stake!
My duty is to protect!
B-besides...
...this one...
...oh, this one knows
what he is doing!
-What?
-How shrewd!
He's been shaving away
at my armor.
Each stroke takes
a little more!
Instead of stripping it
all away,
he has chosen which parts
to leave intact.
He wishes
to publicly shame me
by leaving fleeting glimpses
of my naked flesh
between the cracks
in my armor!
-[VERDIA] Huh?!
-You fiend!
Standing there, plotting where
your next blow will land!
Very well, hit me!
-Now!
-Huh?!
Quit bein' such a pervert!
This ain't the time or place
to get your freak on!
You call me pervert?
[winces]
Th-this is not the time
nor place for your insults!
It is taking all I have
to endure a public flogging
from this monster!
Wait, are you taking
turns with me?
What kind
of delicious torments
are you
and this Dullahan planning?!
[VERDIA]
We're not "planning"!
No one's planning anything!
I lied. I was waiting
for an opening!
Create Water!
[BOTH gasp]
I do not mind being ambushed.
It is thrilling.
Especially when
the mood is right.
Hell no!
This ain't foreplay!
The water's meant for him.
Freeze!
[grunts]
This won't stop me!
Maybe not, but it slowed
you down for a bit.
Your sword's
what I'm after!
Steal!
[gasps]
Clever trick, boy.
But--
But you are still a novice.
Now, to put an end
to this farce.
[ice shatters]
Kazuma!
-[VERDIA grunts]
-[DARKNESS screams]
No! Darkness!
-[yells]
-[screaming]
[KAZUMA] Come on, think!
This guy's a Dullahan.
If this was an RPG,
he'd have some kind of weakness!
Was there anything
that stuck out?!
He dodged the water
I dumped but--
Wait!
A Dullahan's undead,
and the undead's weakness is...
[gasps]
[VERDIA] As a former knight,
I give thanks to the Devil King
and False Gods for this chance
to do battle with you.
Farewell, you heroic
yet foolish crusader!
Create Water!
[grunts]
What are you trying
to do, boy?!
Hit him with water!
[ALL]
Create Water!
Stop it!
Stop this at once!
Create Water!
[grunts]
Curse you, curse you all!
I can't get a bead on him!
Dammit!
I'm runnin' out of magic!
Hey, so, um, what's up
with all the commotion?
You're not having
a water fight now, are you?
Honestly!
Damn her!
Water's his weakness. See?!
Do you know any water spells
or are you totally useless!
Don't you take
that tone with me.
Of course
I know water spells.
I can even conjure a flood
if I want to.
Conjure one! Conjure one!
Not so fast!
You've got some nerve
calling a goddess
like me useless.
I want an apology!
Okay, I'll apologize
to you later!
Just quit being useless
and do something!
Ohh! You just called me
useless again!
Fine, you big meanie.
I'll show you just what
a goddess can do!
I call on all of
my followers in this world.
It is I,
your goddess, Aqua.
[gasps]
Uh-oh!
Heed my request,
answer my prayer,
and show this world
thy power!
[VERDIA]
Oh no!
Let go of me,
you degenerate!
Your words hit like hammers!
Sacred Create Water!
[VERDIA screams]
You gotta be--
Holy crap!
Turn it off or we'll--
[screams]
[PEOPLE screaming]
[water sloshing]
[rumbling]
[PEOPLE groaning]
[VERDIA]
By all that is unholy,
what were you thinking?
Woman, are you insane?!
[chuckles]
Get him, Kazuma!
This time, I'll get
your sword, for sure!
I may have been weakened,
but a novice adventurer's
Steal spell
can never take possession
of my weapon!
I shall end you
once and for all!
Steal!
[VERDIA]
Uh-- Oh no.
[chuckles]
[cackles]
Hey, everyone! Want me
to show you how to play soccer?!
[VERDIA]
"Soccer"?!
Yeah, and you're gonna
hate it!
Oh!
It's a game where you kick
a ball around!
Just don't use your hands!
You mean, like this?
[VERDIA] Whoa!
Hey, hey, stop that!
Help, help! Stop!
Hey, ow! Stop!
[groans]
He is so weak,
he is harmless now.
Let us send him
on his way.
You got it.
Hey, Aqua!
-Is everyone ready?!
-Oh yeah.
[whooshing]
[AQUA grunts]
Sacred Turn Undead!
No! Wait!
[screams]
[ALL]
Ohh!
[MEGUMIN]
Darkness.
Why are you kneeling?
Did you get hurt?
No, I am saying a prayer.
For Sedol, who teased me
and called me manly,
because I beat him
at arm-wrestling once.
And for Heinz, who would insist
I fan him with my sword.
He said my aim was so bad,
he was in no real danger.
And last, for Galil,
who let me join his party.
He screamed at me for charging
into a horde of monsters,
then kicked me out
after one day.
Allies cut down
by the Dullahan's blade.
If I could see them again...
...I would love to have
a drink with them.
-[MAN 1] Umm...
-[MAN 2] Yeah...
I didn't know me teasing you
about your aim
bothered you so much.
So, like,
I'm sorry about that.
I won't do it again.
You're all alive?
For someone like me,
resurrecting fallen adventurers
is a piece of cake!
Resurrection!
Now, you can have
that drink together! [chuckles]
[MAGE 1] Darkness must be
so embarrassed right now.
Quiet, she'll hear you!
Please kill me.
Oh, you love this.
For the next couple days,
you'll be what
everyone's talking about.
Y-you misunderstand.
This is not the kind
of humiliation I like!
I feel like a fool!
[crying]
-[AQUA] Ko.
-[MEGUMIN] No.
-[KAZUMA] Su!
-[DARKNESS] [crying] Ba!
[PEOPLE chattering]
[KAZUMA] I managed
to survive another quest.
But from now on,
I'm gonna take it easy
and avoid all the danger.
It's about time
you showed up!
Darkness is being mean
to me.
She won't let me have
a drink!
She says I'm too young!
-All spoiling my fun!
-I am sorry, but the legal--
[chuckles] You're late,
poophead! Ha ha!
[KAZUMA]
Damn, she's drunk already?!
[LUNA] Oh! Kazuma!
At last, you're here.
Perfect! I have
a special reward set aside
for just you
and your party.
What? Seriously?
-[grunts]
-[AQUA groans]
Thank you,
but why's it just for us?
[MAN] You beat a general
of the Devil King's army.
Buddy,
I could tell you had
all that potential
bubblin' inside ya.
Potential to do what,
big guy?
To shine a light
on the gates of Hell.
To be the hero
this world needs.
He's right.
If it wasn't for you,
we never would have beat
that Dullahan!
[ALL] [chanting]
Kazuma! Kazuma!
[KAZUMA]
They're cheering me.
-How rad is that?!
-[chanting continues]
Ahem!
In recognition of Kazuma
and his party's achievement,
I award them
three hundred million eris.
[ALL]
Th-three hundred million?!
[MAN]
Buy me a drink, Kazuma!
[WOMAN]
Yeah! Buy us all drinks!
Meeting!
So, we gotta talk
about something.
[AQUA] My spell beat him,
so it's only fair
to split the haul
ninety-ten.
Look, now that we got
all this money, I'm retiring.
Seriously, I'm done
with questing!
-Wait a moment.
-[KAZUMA] Not waiting.
If I cannot fight strong enemies
anymore, that is a problem.
[KAZUMA]
It's not a problem!
I don't like this, either.
I joined you specifically
so I could defeat
the Devil King
and earn the title
of strongest mage.
[KAZUMA]
You'll never earn it!
Why do you wanna be a
shut-in NEET again?
There's no "again,"
'cause I was never a NEET!
[AQUA] You said
you'd get me back home!
[KAZUMA] Too bad.
Already made up my mind!
-[AQUA] What?!
-[KAZUMA] I don't wanna die,
-you useless go--
-[LUNA] Um, Kazuma?
Is that our check?
Is it?
-Is it?!
-Gah.
I'm sorry.
The water Aqua summoned
damaged the outer walls.
True, it happened
while defeating a general
of the Devil King's army.
Which is quite
the accomplishment! Really!
So, I can't ask you to pay
the full sum of the repairs.
But it would be great
if you paid a portion of it.
Stop.
There goes our reward.
Three hundred million
minus three hundred
forty million
in repairs.
Our bloody journey
of magic continues.
So much for your retirement!
Tomorrow,
we shall find a quest
with a strong,
profitable enemy.
And we'll split the debt.
E-equally, of course!
[KAZUMA] Oh my god,
do I have to spend
the rest of my life
with this bunch of losers?!
At this point,
all I can do
is close my eyes and commit
to kill the Devil King.
'Cause that's the only way
I'll ever get out
of this hellhole.
[MEGUMIN]
My name is Megumin.
I leave this record
so future generations
can know of my exploits.
The mighty magic of
the magnificent magician Megu--